Replace the version mode Mainline in 6.x (Part II) (#3879)
GitTools/GitVersion: BREAKING_CHANGES.md

*   The `BranchPrefixToTrim` configuration property has been removed. `RegularExpression` is now used to capture named groups instead.
    *   Default `RegularExpression` for feature branches is changed from `^features?[/-]` to `^features?[/-](?<BranchName>.+)` to support using `{BranchName}` out-of-the-box
    *   Default `RegularExpression` for unknown branches is changed from `.*` to `(?<BranchName>.*)` to support using `{BranchName}` out-of-the-box

> *   The branch related property `IsMainline` in the configuration system has been renamed to `IsMainBranch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   The branch related property `is-mainline` in the configuration system has been renamed to `is-main-branch`
```
